docs: Update README.md (#1142)
isaachinman/next-i18next: README.md

A live demo is [available here](http://next-i18next.com/). This demo app is the [simple example](./examples/simple/) - nothing more, nothing less.

## Why next-i18next?

> Easy to set up, easy to use: setting up only takes a few steps, and configuration is simple.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Easy to set up, easy to use: setup only takes a few steps, and configuration is simple.
```

No other requirements: `next-i18next` simplifies internationalisation for your [NextJs](https://nextjs.org/) app without extra dependencies.

Production ready: `next-i18next` supports passing translations and configuration options into pages as props with SSG/SSR support. 

## How does it work?

Your `next-i18next.config.js` file will provide configuration for `next-i18next`.

> After configuration, `appWithTranslation` allows us to use `i18n` and `t` function in our components through props.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After configuration, `appWithTranslation` allows us to use the `t` (translate) function in our components via hooks.
```

> After configuration, `appWithTranslation` allows us to use the `t` (translate) function in our components via hooks.
> Then we add `serverSideTranslation` to [getStaticProps](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/data-fetching#getstaticprops-static-generation) or [getServerSideProps](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/data-fetching#getserversideprops-server-side-rendering) (depending on your case) in our page-level components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After configuration, `appWithTranslation` allows us to use the `t` (translate) function in our components via hooks.

Then we add `serverSideTranslation` to [getStaticProps](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/data-fetching#getstaticprops-static-generation) or [getServerSideProps](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/data-fetching#getserversideprops-server-side-rendering) (depending on your case) in our page-level components.
```

> Then we add `serverSideTranslation` inside [getStaticProps](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/data-fetching#getstaticprops-static-generation) or [getServerSideProps](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/data-fetching#getserversideprops-server-side-rendering) async functions (depends on your case) in our page-level components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then we add `serverSideTranslation` to [getStaticProps](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/data-fetching#getstaticprops-static-generation) or [getServerSideProps](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/data-fetching#getserversideprops-server-side-rendering) (depending on your case) in our page-level components.
```

> After this process, we will be able to translate our NextJs app on the client side. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now our NextJs app is fully translatable!
```

A live demo is [available here](http://next-i18next.com/). This demo app is the [simple example](./examples/simple/) - nothing more, nothing less.

## Why next-i18next?

Easy to set up, easy to use: you can set up in a few steps and start to use. Configuration is quite simple.

No other requirements: `next-i18next` simplify internationalized routing. It acts as a wrapper between [NextJs](https://nextjs.org/) and [i18next](https://www.i18next.com/) and uses [react-i18next](https://react.i18next.com/) functions on client side.

Production ready: `next-i18next` supports you passing translations and configuration options into pages as props with SSG/SSR support. 

> ## How it works?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How does it work?
```

> The `next-i18next.config.js` file that we use in the set up acts as a wrapper by providing the configuration between next-i18next, i18n, and NextJs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your `next-i18next.config.js` file will act as a wrapper, providing configuration for `next-i18next`, `i18next`, and NextJs.
```

We add a wrapper in `_app.js` after configuration. `appWithTranslation` allows us to send `t` function and `i18n instance` into our components through props which comes from `i18next`.
Afterwards,  we use `serverSideTranslation` in our page-level components which is a HOC which responsible for passing translations and configuration options into pages as props. 

We call `serverSideTranslation` inside [getStaticProps](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/data-fetching#getstaticprops-static-generation) or [getServerSideProps](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/data-fetching#getserversideprops-server-side-rendering) async functions (depends on your case) which comes from NextJs. 

After this process, we will be able to call `i18n` and `useTranslation` hook on the client side and translate our NextJs app. 

> 

Reviewer: I think this can be greatly simplified or removed, as all of this is already explained in later sections of the documentation.

Author: It's up to you, I think simplifying is better

Reviewer: Not sure I get your point – in my view, repeating ourselves in the documentation is not simplifying anything.

Author: In the setup section, this content you mentioned is described under separate headings. These might be hard to get noticed because most people only look at blocks of code in the installation sections. I believe this section is important because it gives a summary. I prefer to simplify if we have two options, such as removing it completely or simplifying it. I'd suggest it stay that way, but I respect your opinion. I'll work on it and commit changes.
I recomen

```tsx
import { appWithTranslation } from 'next-i18next'

function MyApp({ Component, pageProps }) {
  return (
    <Component {...pageProps} />
  )

> } 

Reviewer: I prefer a `const` + arrow function, so this should be removed.

```tsx
import { appWithTranslation } from 'next-i18next'

function MyApp({ Component, pageProps }) {
  return (
    <Component {...pageProps} />
  )
} 

export default appWithTranslation(MyApp)
```

The `appWithTranslation` HOC is primarily responsible for adding a [`I18nextProvider`](https://react.i18next.com/latest/i18nextprovider).

#### serverSideTranslations

This is an async function that you need to include on your page-level components, via either [`getStaticProps`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/data-fetching#getstaticprops-static-generation) or [`getServerSideProps`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/data-fetching#getserversideprops-server-side-rendering) (depending on your use case):

```tsx

> import { serverSideTranslations } from "next-i18next/serverSideTranslations";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { serverSideTranslations } from 'next-i18next/serverSideTranslations'
```

> // This function gets called at build time on server-side. For more information, please read Next.js docs.

Reviewer: I think this should be removed.

export async function getStaticProps({ locale }) {
  return {
    props: {
      ...(await serverSideTranslations(locale, ['common', 'press'])),
      // will be passed to the page component as props
    }
  }

> }

Reviewer: Should be removed.

```tsx
import { serverSideTranslations } from 'next-i18next/serverSideTranslations'

export async function getStaticProps({ locale }) {
  return {
    props: {
      ...(await serverSideTranslations(locale, ['common', 'footer'])),
      // will be passed to the page component as props
    }
  }

> }

Reviewer: Again, should be removed.

<a href="https://www.browserstack.com/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://miro.medium.com/max/560/0*dLdslKvNsmtaH2uQ.png" width="240px">
</a>

> 

Reviewer: Needs an empty line at the end of file.
